City life. How is it? 
Whereto next? 
Where is the place of most life. 
A recreation of life using electricity. 
A tool to make games.
How do the games grow 
dislike the idea of running to the ai for answers
i'd like to believe our spirit protects us 
from certain elements of an offensive nature
Tools to empower. 
So you could offer these rules which the
ai must follow when coming up with
the story. 

There are tests you can do on the material. 
The idea of playing a game to create a novel.
We keep coming back to the hexmap.

Comic book is certainty. 
Game not so much. 

Do you get any free tokens with clause. 

Watch good + bad behaviors develop over time. 
Look you are a person who takes spirituality seriously.

What is the game portion you have
fixed upon, hexagon based movement,
color thresholds, element of time and
weather, now their are two states.
For the hexagon, 
found no breaks, backwards, no breaks, self control
drunken crazed monkey state

How would implement a token system to pay for computer processing. 

So this thing is evolving, 
but there is this other thing this mystery thing, with the
weather and the hexmap. 

You would just
leave it running. 

You would keep adding a world map. 

Can you create repos on the fly. 

And then there is the ensuring of it creating a story, of meaning. 

Then there is the block chain game. 

You can get it to write scripts. 

The fined tuned model which creates 6 pages scripts for a comic
book based upon a scenario prompt.

Remember eve online? 

Character starts its life as a NFT. 
You would create a procedure for it. 

The context engineering portion of todays story. 

Anti opposite of being. 
THUG creation. 

What are we doing which could not be taught or shown to us by angels.

maybe i will find someone to play with by the end of the day