# Actionable Tasks

*   i should practice creating plans
*   and having the machine build the app.
*   Should also learn more about pull requests.
*   Glopratchet needs to incorporate the gemini cli and implement the pull requests.
*   Glopratcher access CLI and elliot
*   The playwright MCP needs to be activated.
*   Move on to the first award.
*   Add everything piece by piece.
*   Let the puppeteer playwright creator ui.
*   Can you replace all the instances of ASTROWIND with MYTH TATTOO
*   Save the so important markdown files which generate lazer eyes.
*   Stop all the bad ideas.
*   Continuously running dev.
*   Can you update image-kit through API.

# Notes

The mechanicAL. 

the vibe coding cli is operational. somewhere on my computer 

Can one be done on a self
repo? 

What will be added? 

What will
be done? 

Puppeteer looks at an image and creates the site. 

Then something about working directories 
for git which each agent has control of 
and then another intelligence merges the results.

elliot bradly is the one 
who is the
human in the middle. 

The plan markdowns. 

How does that work

Supabase version looks
like a win as MCP, 
p stands for Power. 

What would you plan if you can plan anything. 

Story generator. 
The 2D hexagon game. 

Gemini check points

Colors; Space; 
Listening Device

Technology is not to be certified

Ok let us imagine The elf.
describe an elf, all the attributes
of a elf, customizable. 

what is the recipe. 

The elf character, 
what does he wear
Design, base upon constraints of
the character. 

which dnd rpg setting

How do you know? 

Givers of life.
Super sized. 

Superhero setting. 
Stranger than a thousand men. 

Protecting My Neighborhood.
Robot. 

Circus is full of life. 

She, the had tears for Giraffeo. 

Comic panel to bareskin. 

The flamigos did not tree, 

Lost Baseball contract for sixty BUCKS.

Plan. 

Screen Shots of wire frame
what is the point M. 

A entry of Blog. 

Time in sim. 
Blog entry.

Width imagery, to show. 

Dire ELF.

Gravity,
Gravity, Gravity, Gravity, Gravity
eyeball lazer pressure. 

Dev lets
you customize, the contraints.

Stay away from the white gravity, 
go towards the purple gravity. 

Just pictures of a character, character
base. 

Let the ai write a specfic
version for each camera panel,
OR character. 
Take dumbo you do

not get an extra 47 turns. 

Lost blog entry till ending. point M.
Compression, Size of Context Window.

You have a render placeholder. 
minimum for budget. 
7 free searches
30 midjourney. 
5 cloudflare. $20

how would the service run continuously. 
Until point B to M is transitioned 
over time
